hello friends of dragon ball fans we are going to
talk a little about what you have
come being the fifth episode of
dragon for the software as clearly
has seen the animation of the chapter
has been seen in a pretty animation
poor of what would become the battle
between goku bills as you well know that
battle had been happening since
Some debate about the gods where
faces bills between 32 basically what
that what all the fans were the
tract was that in the anime version
this battle is more detailed and be a
little more extensive since there is more time
and more chapters where you can
scratch is better the fight however what
who has been watching is an animation
quite poor that logically has
quite unleashed what comes to be the
indignation
so much by fans not only
Spanish speakers or Latinos but also
by the Japanese who are
own
the first chapters according to whatever
the information has been estimated that the
poor production that has had in this
dragonball case his person the battle
between what bill is because it is coming
working from multiple freelancers by
so to say the animations and then to
time to merge with each other is not
are suddenly able to coordinate well
although these are related more by
put it like this with a low budget that
is what is being talked about in other
places and what has been talked about in
certain months that worked the super no
has a lot of budget at the moment and that
why the animation has come out so
power now I do want to make a
parentheses and mention that we are happy
a little bit but it's not the first year to
suffer type of battles all kinds of
mistakes
I want to emphasize that dragon ball shopper
It is not the first type of errors it offers
of design so to speak but that already
I have also seen similar things in
Other years as gone and as naruto
etc
basically we really the
interests of the super group and for that reason
is that we are super worried about
contains a reproduction about what
has been discussed and based on all the
penalties that we hope so that the
producer invest a little more in this
and you can really punch fridays
of quality not so you do not miss the
childbirth the essence of what it is was a
town then the thing another suggestion that
He has been producing ends at the
anime production is that the
battles are not so extensive and so
detailed to avoid this kind of
inconveniences and it was of claims because
for one per production
nothing basically to wait for the next
chapter that all claims go to
so we have to pass the
battles look much better
Anyway, another bomb will follow
We can not see the rating keeps going up
and if we want the saga to continue there
that continue to support the production
people know well and we continue in the
social networks to see us